♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I got the horses in the back ♪
♪ Horse tack is attached ♪
♪ Hat is matte black ♪
♪ Got the boots that's black to
match ♪
♪ Ridin' on a horse, ha ♪
♪ You can whip your Porsche ♪
♪ I been in the valley ♪
♪ You ain't been up off that
porch, now ♪
♪ Can't nobody tell me nothin' ♪
♪ You can't tell me nothin' ♪
♪ Ridin' on a tractor ♪
♪ Lean all in my bladder ♪
♪ Cheated on my baby ♪
♪ You can go and ask her ♪
♪ My life is a movie ♪
♪ Bull ridin' and boobies ♪
♪ Cowboy hat from Gucci ♪
♪ Wrangler on my booty ♪
♪ Can't nobody tell me nothin' ♪
♪ You can't tell me nothin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ Hat down, cross town, livin'
like a rockstar ♪
♪ Spent a lot of money on my
brand new guitar ♪
♪ Baby's got a habit: diamond
rings and Fendi sports bras ♪
♪ Ridin' down Rodeo in my
Maserati sports car ♪
♪ Got no stress, I've been
through all that ♪
♪ I'm like a Marlboro Man so I
kick on back ♪
♪ Wish I could roll on back to
that old town road ♪
♪ I wanna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪